I demand that I am Vroomfondel
Time is an illusion, lunchtime doubly so
Oh no, not again!
Beware of the Leopard
In, as you say, the mud
The mere though hasn't even begun to speculate about the merest possibility of crossing my mind
Did I do anything wrong today or has the world always been like this and I've been too wrapped up in myself to notice
This must be Thursday, I never could get the hang of Thursdays
Drink up, the world's about to end
That is really amazing. That really is truly amazing. That is so amazingly amazing I think I'd like to steal it
If I asked you where the hell we were, would I regret it?
Ah, this is obviously some strange usage of the word safe that I wasn't previously aware of
Here is what to do if you want to get a lift from a Vogon: forget it
The best way to get a drink out of a Vogon is to stick your finger down his throat
Don't panic!
This is your captain speaking, so stop whatever you're doing and pay attention
If you're very lucky, I might read you some of my poetry first
What's so unpleasant about being drunk?
Oh dear, says god, I hadn't thought of that. And prompty vanishes in a puff of logic
Either die in the vacuum of space, or tell me how good you thought my poem was
Resistance is useless!
Take the prisoners to number tree airlock and throw them out
Da da da dum!
Space is big. Really big. You won't believe how vastly hugely mind-boggingly big it is
Bright idea of mine, to find a passing spaceship and get rescued by it
Don't knock it, it worked
Two to the power of one hundred thousand to one against and falling
My legs are drifting off into the sunset
The point is that I am now a perfectly safe penguin
We have normality, I repeat, we have normality. Anything you still can't cope with is therefore your own problem
Okay, so ten out of ten for style, but minus several millions for good thinking, yeah?
I think you ought to know, I'm feeling very depressed
Life, don't talk to me about life
Please do not press this button again
To everyone else out there, the secret is to bang the rocks together guys
If there's anything more important than my ego around, I want it caught and shot now
Did you realize that most people's lives are governed by telephone numbers?
Hey doll, is this guy boring you? Why don't you talk to me instead? I'm from a different planet
I'll sue the council for every penny it's got!
Please enjoy your walk through this door
Glad to be of service
In these enlightened days, of course, no one believes a word of it
I can even work out your personality problems to ten decimal places if it will help
Is there any tea on this spaceship?
Hey, this is terrific! Someone down there is trying to kill us
so, let's call it my stomach
But what are you supposed to do with a manically depressed robot?
My white mice have escaped!
I can see this relationship is something we're all going to have to work at
Meanwhile, the poor Babel fish, by effectively removing all barriers to communication between different races and cultures, has caused more and bloodier wars than anything else in the history of creation.